bugherd task 633 (#1581)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/mqtt-bundle/integration-life-cycle.md

![MQTT phases](/images/mqtt/mqttDeviceIntegration.png)

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}

> * Access via bootstrap user credentials

Reviewer: Would it make sense to have a link to https://cumulocity.com/api/core/#tag/Device-credentials that explains how to get the device bootstrap credentials?

> * Access via bootstrap user credentials

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
* Access via bootstrap user credentials.  See [Device credentials](https://cumulocity.com/api/core/#tag/Device-credentials) for more information on obtaining and using bootstrap credentials.
```

> * Access via bootstrap user credentials. See [Device credentials](https://cumulocity.com/api/core/#tag/Device-credentials) for more information on obtaining and using bootstrap credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Access via bootstrap user credentials. See [Device credentials](https://cumulocity.com/api/core/#tag/Device-credentials) for more information on how to obtain and use bootstrap credentials.
```
